BZ-2025586:Documentation update to reflect changes for capabilities getting dropped when using keyword  in the container's securityContext (#39124)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-autoscaling-about.adoc

memory-based autoscaling.
====

> The following example shows autoscaling for the `image-registry` `Deployment` object. The initial deployment requires 3 pods. The HPA object increased that minimum to 5 and will increase the pods up to 7 if CPU usage on the pods reaches 75%:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows autoscaling for the `image-registry` `Deployment` object. The initial deployment requires 3 pods. The HPA object increases the minimum to 5 and will increase the pods up to 7, if CPU usage on the pods reaches 75%:
```

Reviewer 2: Prehaps maybe even split that up a bit more:
```suggestion
The following example shows autoscaling for the `image-registry` `Deployment` object. The initial deployment requires 3 pods. The HPA object increases the minimum to 5. If CPU usage on the pods reaches 75%, the pods will increase to 7:
```
